Nhaimerl docs rewrite (#3339)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/defi/tokens/ledger/setup/icp_ledger_setup.mdx

## Overview

The Internet Computer Protocol (ICP) implements management of its utility token (ticker "ICP") using a specialized canister, called the **ICP ledger canister**. It is a single ledger canister that runs alongside other canisters on a special subnet of the Internet Computer - the NNS subnet. The ICP ledger canister is a smart contract that holds **blocks**, each containing a single transaction. 

These transactions either:

- **Mint ICP tokens** for accounts.

- **Transfer ICP tokens** from one account to another.

- **Burn ICP tokens** eliminating them from existence.

> - **Approve ICP tokens** to be spent by some other `accountidentifier`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Approve ICP tokens** to be spent by some other `AccountIdentifier`.
```

> - **Transfer ICP from** a previously approved `accountidentifier`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Transfer ICP from** a previously approved `AccountIdentifier`.
```

## Architecture

### Accounts

An ICP ledger account (see [ICRC-1 standard](/docs/current/developer-docs/defi/tokens/token-standards#icrc-1) belongs to and is controlled by the account owner, who must have a valid principal ID. No account can be owned by two or more principals (no "joint accounts"). However, since a principal can refer to an external user as well as to a canister, joint accounts can be implemented as canisters.

An account on the ledger is represented and stored as an `AccountIdentifier`, which is derived from the principal ID and subaccount identifier by computing a hash of the two. The subaccount is an optional bitstring that helps distinguish between the different sub-accounts of the same owner.

In this context, you can think of principal identifiers as a rough equivalent to the hash of a user’s public key for Bitcoin or Ethereum. You use the corresponding secret key to sign messages and therefore authenticate to the ledger canister and operate on the principal’s account. Canisters can also have accounts in the ledger canister, in which case the address is derived from the canister’s principal.

> :::info Why does the ledger use `AccountIdentifier`s and not just Principal IDs?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Why does the ledger use `AccountIdentifier`s and not just principal IDs?
```

The main reason for introducing accounts was to allow a principal to control multiple accounts. While this could be abstracted away for a user by the wallet software, this is not possible for canisters.
:::

## Deploying the ledger locally

There are two ways of deploying an ICP ledger locally.
- Use [dfx-nns](/docs/current/developer-docs/developer-tools/cli-tools/cli-reference/dfx-nns) to deploy the entire NNS locally. Since the ICP ledger is part of the NNS, this command will also install an ICP ledger with canister ID `ryjl3-tyaaa-aaaaa-aaaba-cai`. This solution is fast and straightforward, but also more heavyweight.

> - Deploy the ICP ledger `wasm` locally. This method is discussed and shown in this guide and it gives you more control over the deployment and also is lightweight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deploy the ICP ledger `wasm` locally. This method is discussed and demonstrated in this guide, as it gives you more control over the deployment and is lightweight.
```
